doc: Update configuration doc with yargs API link (#123)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci: docs/configuration.md

### Environment Variables

> Any configuration option can also be set using environment variables prefixed with `LHCI_`, following the [yargs API](https://github.com/yargs/yargs/blob/master/docs/api.md#envprefix) (so `LHCI_PROPERTY_NAME__SUBPROPERTY_NAME` is equivalent to `--propertyName.subpropertyName`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any configuration option can also be set using environment variables prefixed with `LHCI_`, following the [yargs API](https://github.com/yargs/yargs/blob/v12.0.5/docs/api.md#envprefix) (so `LHCI_PROPERTY_NAME__SUBPROPERTY_NAME` is equivalent to `--propertyName.subpropertyName`).
```
